rsMap3D is a Python program for transforming a set of images collected as part of an 
x-ray scattering experiment into a 3D reciprocal space map.  


Version 1.0.8 of xrayutilities was tested on Windows 7 with:
      6/10/2016
      xrayutilities-1.2.1-cp27-cp27m-win_amd64.whl found at 
      https://confluence.aps.anl.gov/display/RSM/Binary+Distributions+of+Python+Packages
      
      spec2nexus 2016.0601.0 installed via pip install from pypi.
      
      For Mac and Linux, it is best to use the same versions from pypi install 
      with pip install
      
      Fixed an issue with calculating angles when doing sixc geometry and 
      scanning a real angle.  The code was acting like it needed to compute from
      pseudo angle scan.
      
Version 1.0.9 testes with same versions as above:
      Fixed an issue with pole figure maps.  Had a couple of bugs left from
      recent refactoring.
      
Version 1.0.10 
      Test with  same xrayutilites
      Add code to Sector33SpecDataSource to handle runs that have been aborted.
      To work with spec files that have beamline specific entries, not handled by 
      a plugin must have spec2nexus version 2016.0615.1. 

Version 1.0.13   -  2016/10/27
      The structure of input and output controls, and on the back end DataSource 
      classes and Mapper classes have been reworked to allow output of data to 
      different formats.  In particular, the input Forms hold information on what 
      type of output is allowed/needed for that kind of data.  Up till this point,
      only output to VTI files was allowed.  A stock list of input forms is still 
      provided.  A pull-down combo box allows switching between input forms,  As
      a different form is selected, a list of allowed output forms is created and 
      placed on the "Process Data" tab.  The default form is set active.  Each output 
      form can then also specify a list of "Writers" to be used for selecting the format
      of the output data.  At this point vti (the only choice till now), a stack of TIFF 
      images, slicing through the 3D volume, and for XPCS data, a CSV file containing the 
      qx, qy, qz values for the single position used to collect time series data in an 
      XPCS scan.
      Energy scan data from sector 34 is working, but at present writes only VTI files.
      The Sector 33 scan format is working for sector 7, & 30.  Still working along with
      these beamlines to do some post processing.